#461: New rule: simplify_anonymous_functions (#511)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/simplify_anonymous_functions.md

# Simplify Anonymous Functions [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/since-4.2.0-blue)](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/4.2.0) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/BEAM-yes-orange)

> Avoid anonymous functions that simply call a named function (with the same arguments in the same order)
> and can be more concisely expressed using the function reference syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anonymous functions that simply call a named function (with the same arguments in the same order) should be avoided; they can be more concisely expressed using the function reference syntax.
```
